/* Copyright(c) 2013, University of Liverpool
 *
 * This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
 * it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by
 * the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
 *(at your option) any later version.
 *
 * This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
 * but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 * MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
 * GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.
 *
 * You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
 * along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
 *
 *
 * Author       : Jerome Fuselier
 */




/*****************************************************************************/
/*                              DEFINE                                       */
/*****************************************************************************/



ADD_TO_TAR_OPR                         rodsIO.i
CHALLENGE_LEN                          auth.i
CREATE_TAR_OPR                         rodsIO.i
DATA_QUERY_FIRST_FG                    miscUtil.i
DELETE_STRUCT_FILE                     rodsIO.i
FORCE_FLAG                             rodsFile.i
INCLUDE_CONDINPUT_IN_QUERY             miscUtil.i
LOGICAL_BUNDLE                         rodsIO.i
LONG_METADATA_FG                       miscUtil.i
MAX_PASSWORD_LEN                       obf.i
MAX_PATH_ALLOWED                       rodsDef.i
MAX_NAME_LEN                           rodsDef.i
MULTI_MSG_TICKET                       rodsXmsg.i
NO_CHK_PERM_FLAG                       rodsFile.i
NO_REG_COLL_INFO                       rodsIO.i
NO_TRIM_REPL_FG                        miscUtil.i
O_RDONLY                               rodsIO.i
O_WRONLY                               rodsIO.i
O_RDWR                                 rodsIO.i
O_CREAT                                rodsIO.i
PRESERVE_COLL_PATH                     rodsIO.i
PRESERVE_DIR_CONT                      rodsIO.i
PURGE_STRUCT_FILE_CACHE                rodsIO.i
RECUR_QUERY_FG                         miscUtil.i
RESPONSE_LEN                           auth.i
RMDIR_RECUR                            rodsFile.i
SEEK_SET                               rodsIO.i
SEEK_CUR                               rodsIO.i
SEEK_END                               rodsIO.i
SINGLE_MSG_TICKET                      rodsXmsg.i
TRANS_BUF_SZ                           rodsDef.i
UNIQUE_REM_COMM_FLAG                   rodsFile.i
VERY_LONG_METADATA_FG                  miscUtil.i


/*****************************************************************************/
/*                                 Enums                                     */
/*****************************************************************************/



collState_t                            miscUtil.i





/*****************************************************************************/
/*                            Structures                                     */
/*****************************************************************************/



authCheckInp_t                         auth.i
authCheckOut_t                         auth.i
authInfo_t                             rodsUser.i
authResponseInp_t                      auth.i
authRequestOut_t                       auth.i
bytesBuf_t                             rodsDef.i
chkObjPermAndStat_t                    chkObjPermAndStat.i
collEnt_t                              miscUtil.i
collHandle_t                           miscUtil.i
collInp_t                              dataObj.i
collSqlResult_t                        miscUtil.i
dataCopyInp_t                          dataObj.i
dataObjCopyInp_t                       dataObj.i
dataObjInfo_t                          rodsInfo.i
dataObjInp_t                           dataObj.i
dataObjSqlResult_t                     miscUtil.i
dataOprInp_t                           dataObj.i
execCmd_t                              rodsExec.i
execCmdOut_t                           rodsExec.i
execMyRuleInp_t                        rodsExec.i
fileChmodInp_t                         rodsFile.i
fileChksumInp_t                        rodsFile.i
fileCloseInp_t;                        rodsFile.i
fileClosedirInp_t                      rodsFile.i
fileCreateInp_t                        rodsFile.i
fileFstatInp_t                         rodsFile.i
fileFsyncInp_t                         rodsFile.i
fileGetFsFreeSpaceInp_t                rodsFile.i
fileGetFsFreeSpaceOut_t                rodsFile.i
fileLseekInp_t                         rodsFile.i
fileLseekOut_t                         rodsFile.i
fileMkdirInp_t                         rodsFile.i
fileOpenInp_t                          rodsFile.i
fileOpendirInp_t                       rodsFile.i
fileReadInp_t                          rodsFile.i
fileRenameInp_t;                       rodsFile.i
fileRmdirInp_t                         rodsFile.i
fileStageInp_t                         rodsFile.i
fileStatInp_t                          rodsFile.i
fileUnlinkInp_t                        rodsFile.i
fileWriteInp_t                         rodsFile.i
generalAdminInp_t                      rodsAdmin.i
generalUpdateInp_t                     rodsQuery.i
genQueryInp_t                          rodsQuery.i
genQueryOut_t                          rodsQuery.i
getTempPasswordOut_t                   rodsDef.i
getXmsgTicketInp_t                     rodsXmsg.i
gsiAuthRequestOut_t                    auth.i
inxIvalPair_t                          rodsInfo.i
inxValPair_t                           rodsInfo.i
irodsCollection                        rodsIO.i
irodsFile                              rodsIO.i
irodsGroup                             rodsUser.i
irodsResource                          rodsUser.i
irodsUser                              rodsUser.i
irodsZone                              rodsUser.i
keyValPair_t                           rodsInfo.i
MD5_CTX                                md5.i
miscSvrInfo_t                          rodsInfo.i
modAccessControlInp_t                  modAccessControl.i
modAVUMetadataInp_t                    rodsMeta.i
modDataObjMeta_t                       rodsMeta.i
msParam_t                              msParam.i
msParamArray_t                         msParam.i
objType_t                              rodsDef.i
openedDataObjInp_t                     dataObj.i
openStat_t                             dataObj.i
portalOprOut_t                         dataObj.i
portList_t                             dataObj
rcvXmsgInp_t                           rodsXmsg.i
rcvXmsgOut_t                           rodsXmsg.i
regReplica_t                           rodsIO.i
rErrMsg_t                              rodsError.i
rodsArguments_t                        parseCommandLine.i
rodsDirent_t                           rodsDef.i
rodsEnv                                getRodsEnv.i
rodsHostAddr_t                         rodsDef.i
rodsLong_t                             rodsDef.i
rodsObjStat_t                          rodsInfo.i
rodsPath_t                             rodsPath.i
rodsPathInp_t                          rodsPath.i
rodsRestart_t                          rodsDef.i
rodsStat_t                             rodsDef.i
ruleExecDelInp_t                       rodsExec.i
ruleExecModInp_t                       rodsExec.i
ruleExecSubmitInp_t                    rodsExec.i
sendXmsgInp_t                          rodsXmsg.i
simpleQueryInp_t                       rodsQuery.i
simpleQueryOut_t                       rodsQuery.i
specColl_t                             rodsInfo.i
sqlResult_t                            rodsQuery.i
structFileExtAndRegInp_t               rodsStructFile.i
structFileOprInp_t                     rodsStructFile.i
subFile_t                              rodsInfo.i
subStructFileFdOprInp_t                rodsStructFile.i
subStructFileLseekInp_t                rodsStructFile.i
subStructFileRenameInp_t               rodsStructFile.i
tagStruct_t                            rodsInfo.i
unregDataObj_t                         rodsIO.i
userAdminInp_t                         rodsAdmin.i
userInfo_t                             rodsUser.i
userOtherInfo_t                        rodsUser.i
version_t                              rodsDef.i
xmsgTicketInfo_t                       rodsXmsg.i



/*****************************************************************************/
/*                            Functions                                      */
/*****************************************************************************/





_irodsOpen                             rodsIO.i
addInxIval                             rcMisc.i
addInxVal                              rcMisc.i
addKeyVal                              rcMisc.i
addMsParamToArray                      msParam.i
addObject                              sqlMisc.i
addResultToFormatDictList              sqlMisc.i
addResultToTupleList                   sqlMisc.i
addSrcInPath                           rodsPath.i
addUserMetadata                        sqlMisc.i
appendRodsEnv                          getRodsEnv.i
chkStateForResume                      rcMisc.i
chksumLocFile                          md5.i
clearDataObjCopyInp                    dataObj.i
clearModAVUMetadataInp                 rodsMeta.i
clearModDataObjMetaInp                 rodsMeta.i
clearRegReplicaInp                     rodsIO.i
clearUnregDataObj                      rodsIO.i
createGroup                            rodsUser.i
createResource                         rodsUser.i
createUser                             rodsUser.i
createZone                             rodsUser.i
deleteGroup                            rodsUser.i
deleteResource                         rodsUser.i
deleteUser                             rodsUser.i
deleteZone                             rodsUser.i
fillBufLenInMsParam                    msParam.i
fillCharInMsParam                      msParam.i
fillDoubleInMsParam                    msParam.i
fillFloatInMsParam                     msParam.i
fillIntInMsParam                       msParam.i
fillStrInMsParam                       msParam.i
getDataObjReplicaNumber                sqlMisc.i
getDataObjRescNames                    sqlMisc.i
getDataObjSize                         sqlMisc.i
getFileInfo                            sqlMisc.i
getGroup                               rodsUser.i
getGroupMembers                        sqlMisc.i
getGroups                              rodsUser.i
getLastPathElement                     rodsPath.i
getLocalTimeFromRodsTime               rcMisc.i
getMountedSubPhyPath                   rcMisc.i
getMsParamByLabel                      msParam.i
getRescInfoToDict                      sqlMisc.i
getResource                            rodsUser.i
getResources                           sqlMisc.i
getRodsEnv                             getRodsEnv.i
getRodsEnvAuthFileName                 getRodsEnv.i
getRodsEnvFileName                     getRodsEnv.i
getRodsObjType                         miscUtil.i
getSpecCollTypeStr                     rcMisc.i
getSqlResultByInx                      rcMisc.i
getUser                                rodsUser.i
getUserInfo                            rodsUser.i
getUserInfoToDict                      sqlMisc.i
getUsers                               rodsUser.i
getZone                                rodsUser.i
getZoneInfoToDict                      sqlMisc.i
getZones                               rodsUser.i
irodsOpen                              rodsIO.i
MD5Digest                              md5.i
md5ToStr                               md5.i
mkColl                                 miscUtil.i
mkCollR                                miscUtil.i
mkdirR                                 miscUtil.i
modifyObject                           sqlMisc.i
myChmod                                miscUtil.i
obfDecodeByKey                         obf.i
obfDecodeByKeyV2                       obf.i
obfEncodeByKey                         obf.i
obfEncodeByKeyV2                       obf.i
obfGetPw                               obf.i
obfiDecode                             obf.i
obfiEncode                             obf.i
obfRmPw                                obf.i
obfSavePw                              obf.i
obfTempOps                             obf.i
openRestartFile                        rcMisc.i
parseCmdLinePath                       rodsPath.i
parseMspForFloat                       msParam.i
parseMspForPosInt                      msParam.i
parseMspForStr                         msParam.i
parseRodsPath                          rodsPath.i
parseRodsPathStr                       rodsPath.i
parseUserName                          rcMisc.i
printError                             rcMisc.i
printErrorStack                        rcMisc.i
procAndWriteRestartFile                rcMisc.i
procUserMetadata                       sqlMisc.i
queryCollAcl                           miscUtil.i
queryCollInColl                        miscUtil.i
queryCollInheritance                   miscUtil.i
queryDataObjInColl                     miscUtil.i
queryDataObjAcl                        miscUtil.i
queryDataObjAcl                        miscUtil.i
queryToFormatDictList                  sqlMisc.i
queryToTupleList                       sqlMisc.i
rcAuthCheck                            auth.i
rcAuthRequest                          auth.i
rcAuthResponse                         auth.i
rcChkObjPermAndStat                    chkObjPermAndStat.i
rcChksumLocFile                        md5.i
rcCloseCollection                      rodsIO.i
rcCollCreate                           rodsIO.i
rcCollRepl                             rodsIO.i
rcDataCopy                             dataObj.i
rcDataGet                              dataObj.i
rcDataPut                              dataObj.i
rcDataObjChksum                        dataObj.i
rcDataObjClose                         dataObj.i
rcDataObjCopy                          dataObj.i
rcDataObjCreate                        dataObj.i
rcDataObjCreateAndStat                 dataObj.i
rcDataObjGet                           dataObj.i
rcDataObjLseek                         dataObj.i
rcDataObjOpen                          dataObj.i
rcDataObjOpenAndStat                   dataObj.i
rcDataObjPhymv                         dataObj.i
rcDataObjPut                           dataObj.i
rcDataObjRead                          dataObj.i
rcDataObjRead                          dataObj.i
rcDataObjRename                        dataObj.i
rcDataObjRepl                          dataObj.i
rcDataObjRsync                         dataObj.i
rcDataObjTrim                          dataObj.i
rcDataObjTruncate                      dataObj.i
rcDataObjUnlink                        dataObj.i
rcDataObjWrite                         dataObj.i
rcExecCmd                              rodsExec.i
rcExecMyRule                           rodsExec.i
rcFileChmod                            rodsFile.i
rcFileChksum                           rodsFile.i
rcFileClose                            rodsFile.i
rcFileClosedir                         rodsFile.i
rcFileCreate                           rodsFile.i
rcFileFstat                            rodsFile.i
rcFileFsync                            rodsFile.i
rcFileGetv                             rodsFile.i
rcFileGetFsFreeSpace                   rodsFile.i
rcFileLseek                            rodsFile.i
rcFileMkdir                            rodsFile.i
rcFileOpen                             rodsFile.i
rcFileOpendir                          rodsFile.i
rcFilePut                              rodsFile.i
rcFileRead                             rodsFile.i
rcFileReaddir                          rodsFile.i
rcFileRename                           rodsFile.i
rcFileRmdir                            rodsFile.i
rcFileStage                            rodsFile.i
rcFileStat                             rodsFile.i
rcFileTruncate                         rodsFile.i
rcFileUnlink                           rodsFile.i
rcFileWrite                            rodsFile.i
rcGeneralAdmin                         rodsAdmin.i
rcGeneralUpdate                        rodsQuery.i
rcGenQuery                             rodsQuery.i
rcGetMiscSvrInfo                       rodsInfo.i
rcGetRemoteZoneResc                    rcMisc.i
rcGetTempPassword                      rcMisc.i
rcGetXmsgTicket                        rodsXmsg.i
rcGsiAuthRequest                       auth.i
rcL3FileGetSingleBuf                   rodsFile.i
rcL3FilePutSingleBuf                   rodsFile.i
rclCloseCollection                     miscUtil.i
rclInitQueryHandle                     miscUtil.i
rclOpenCollection                      miscUtil.i
rclOpenCollection                      miscUtil.i
rclReadCollection                      miscUtil.i
rclReadCollection                      miscUtil.i
rcModAccessControl                     modAccessControl.i
rcModAVUMetadata                       rodsMeta.i
rcModColl                              rodsIO.i
rcModDataObjMeta                       rodsMeta.i
rcObjStat                              rodsInfo.i
rcOpenCollection                       rodsIO.i
rcOprComplete                          rodsIO.i
rcPhyPathReg                           rodsIO.i
rcQuerySpecColl                        rodsQuery.i
rcRcvXmsg                              rodsXmsg.i
rcReadCollection                       rodsIO.i
rcRegColl                              rodsIO.i
rcRegDataObj                           rodsIO.i
rcRegReplica                           rodsIO.i
rcRmColl                               rcMisc.i
rcRuleExecDel                          rodsExec.i
rcRuleExecMod                          rodsExec.i
rcRuleExecSubmit                       rodsExec.i
rcSendXmsg                             rodsXmsg.i
rcSimpleQuery                          rodsQuery.i
rcStructFileBundle                     rodsStructFile.i
rcStructFileExtAndReg                  rodsStructFile.i
rcStructFileExtract                    rodsStructFile.i
rcStructFileSync                       rodsStructFile.i
rcSubStructFileClose                   rodsStructFile.i
rcSubStructFileClosedir                rodsStructFile.i
rcSubStructFileCreate                  rodsStructFile.i
rcSubStructFileFstat                   rodsStructFile.i
rcSubStructFileGet                     rodsStructFile.i
rcSubStructFileLseek                   rodsStructFile.i
rcSubStructFileMkdir                   rodsStructFile.i
rcSubStructFileOpen                    rodsStructFile.i
rcSubStructFileOpendir                 rodsStructFile.i
rcSubStructFilePut                     rodsStructFile.i
rcSubStructFileRead                    rodsStructFile.i
rcSubStructFileReaddir                 rodsStructFile.i
rcSubStructFileRename                  rodsStructFile.i
rcSubStructFileRmdir                   rodsStructFile.i
rcSubStructFileTruncate                rodsStructFile.i
rcSubStructFileUnlink                  rodsStructFile.i
rcSubStructFileWrite                   rodsStructFile.i
rcSyncMountedColl                      rodsIO.i
rcUnregDataObj                         rodsIO.i
rcUserAdmin                            rodsAdmin.i
resolveRodsTarget                      rodsPath.i
resolveSpecCollType                    rcMisc.i
rodsErrorName                          rodsLog.i
rodsLog                                rodsLog.i
rodsLogError                           rodsLog.i
rodsLogLevel                           rodsLog.i
rmObject                               sqlMisc.i
rmUserMetadata                         sqlMisc.i
setQueryFlag                           miscUtil.i
setQueryInpForData                     miscUtil.i
setStateForRestart                     rcMisc.i
splitPathByKey                         stringOpr.i


/*****************/
/* SWIG EXAMPLES */
/*****************/

Wrap an existing C function in a Python one (return tuples)

%pythoncode %{
def rcConnect(rodsHost, rodsPort, userName, rodsZone, reconnFlag=0):
    errMsg = rErrMsg_t()
    status = _irods.rcConnect(rodsHost, rodsPort, userName, rodsZone, reconnFlag, errMsg)
    return (status, errMsg)
%}


Wrap an existing C function in a C version which will be more "Pythonic"
%inline %{
PyObject * rcAuthCheck(rcComm_t *conn, authCheckInp_t *authCheckInp) {
    authCheckOut_t *authCheckOut = NULL;
    int status = rcAuthCheck(conn, authCheckInp, &authCheckOut);
    return Py_BuildValue("(iO)", 
                         status, 
                         SWIG_NewPointerObj(SWIG_as_voidptr(authCheckOut), 
                                            SWIGTYPE_p_authCheckOut_t, 0 |  0 ));
}
%}

Create a new Swig object to as a PyObject

SWIG_NewPointerObj(SWIG_as_voidptr(authCheckOut), SWIGTYPE_p_authCheckOut_t, 0 |  0 ));
